


 1. **[Utilisation](/todo-list-app/no_tech_use)** \
 1.1 *Introduction* \
 1.2 *Ajout d'un todo* \
 1.3 *Édition d'un todo* \
 1.4 *Suppression d'un todo* \
 1.5 *Marquer comme complété*
 2. **[Fonctionnement technique de l'application](/todo-list-app/tech_use)**
    1.1 *Introduction* \
    1.2 *Structure des fichiers* \
    1.3 *Édition d'un todo* \
    1.4 *Suppression d'un todo* \
    1.5 *Marquer comme complété*
 3. **Audit**

---

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### app.js

## Todo

Sets up a brand new Todo list.

### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][3]** The name of your new to do list.

[1]: #todo

[2]: #parameters

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String


<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents controller.js

*   [Controller][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
    *   [setView][3]
        *   [Parameters][4]
    *   [showAll][5]
    *   [showActive][6]
    *   [showCompleted][7]
    *   [addItem][8]
        *   [Parameters][9]
    *   [removeItem][10]
        *   [Parameters][11]
    *   [removeCompletedItems][12]
    *   [toggleComplete][13]
        *   [Parameters][14]
    *   [toggleAll][15]
        *   [Parameters][16]
    *   [\_updateCount][17]
    *   [\_filter][18]
        *   [Parameters][19]
    *   [\_updateFilterState][20]
        *   [Parameters][21]

## Controller

Takes a model and view and acts as the controller between them

### Parameters

*   `model` **[object][22]** The model instance
*   `view` **[object][22]** The view instance

### setView

Loads and initialises the view

#### Parameters

*   `locationHash`
*   `null` **[string][23]** '' | 'active' | 'completed'

### showAll

An event to fire on load. Will get all items and display them in the
todo-list

### showActive

Renders all active tasks

### showCompleted

Renders all completed tasks

### addItem

An event to fire whenever you want to add an item. Simply pass in the event
object and it'll handle the DOM insertion and saving of the new item.

#### Parameters

*   `title`

### removeItem

By giving it an ID it'll find the DOM element matching that ID,
remove it from the DOM and also remove it from storage.

#### Parameters

*   `id` **[number][24]** The ID of the item to remove from the DOM and
    storage

### removeCompletedItems

Will remove all completed items from the DOM and storage.

### toggleComplete

Give it an ID of a model and a checkbox and it will update the item
in storage based on the checkbox's state.

#### Parameters

*   `id` **[number][24]** The ID of the element to complete or uncomplete
*   `completed`
*   `silent` **([boolean][25] | [undefined][26])** Prevent re-filtering the todo items
*   `checkbox` **[object][22]** The checkbox to check the state of complete
    or not

### toggleAll

Will toggle ALL checkboxes' on/off state and completeness of models.
Just pass in the event object.

#### Parameters

*   `completed`

### \_updateCount

Updates the pieces of the page which change depending on the remaining
number of todos.

### \_filter

Re-filters the todo items, based on the active route.

#### Parameters

*   `force` **([boolean][25] | [undefined][26])** forces a re-painting of todo items.

### \_updateFilterState

Simply updates the filter nav's selected states

#### Parameters

*   `currentPage`

[1]: #controller

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #setview

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #showall

[6]: #showactive

[7]: #showcompleted

[8]: #additem

[9]: #parameters-2

[10]: #removeitem

[11]: #parameters-3

[12]: #removecompleteditems

[13]: #togglecomplete

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #toggleall

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #_updatecount

[18]: #_filter

[19]: #parameters-6

[20]: #_updatefilterstate

[21]: #parameters-7

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined